_pages/outreach.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: /outreach/
title: "outreach"
nav: true
nav_order: 5
---


<!-- **Page still under construction...**

![](https://media0.giphy.com/media/l0JMrPWRQkTeg3jjO/giphy.gif) -->


## Science writing and illustrations

Check out my Astrobite articles here 
and my science comics here









Promoting science and spreading awareness should go hand in hand with scientific development. During my time as an undergrad at IIT Madras, I was fortunate to be part of several outreach activities as part of [Horizon: the physics and astronomy club](https://horizoniitm.github.io/). 






## Talks and workshops

I love giving talks. Talks are one of the effective ways of communicaating your research. During my undergrad, I got to organize several lecture presentations and workshops. Below is a list of some of them.

- **Relativity and Gravitation**, [*Horizon summer school 2021*](https://github.com/HorizonIITM/summer-school-2021), March 2020
- **Physics of Compact Stars**, *Boltzmann Session*, April 2020
- **Analysis of Globular Clusters Using Colour-Magnitude Diagrams**. *Shaastra 2020, IITM*, Jan 2020
- **Universe on your computer**, [*Sampark Workshop 2019*](https://github.com/pranav-satheesh/Sampark_Workshop), Oct 2019
- **Surfing gravitational waves**, *Astro Week*, Aug 2019 
- **An introduction to Astronomy**, Sep 2018

#### Lectures on Youtube

I made a set of lectures on Python for Astronomy that aims to teach application of Python programming language in various aspects of Astronomy research. I could cover topics such as handling FITS files, making Color-Magnitude diagrams, curve-fitting and modeling data. The video playlist is available [here](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2rHXmvrOZXbQviht65mZSOW0_s1ZPpLA).
 

<!-- 
## Trips and Observation sessions



The most fun I had during my undergrad was during our club's trip to the Vainu Bappu Observatory,   and about 3 hours drive from Chennai. A trip to VBO was an annual ritual for our club and we had lots of fun taking countless photos of the night sky, seeing Milky Way in its full glory and operating the 14-inch telescope at the observatory. 

We also keep observation session at IITM for the student body and for the general public during Shaastra (IITM's tech fest). We had over 1000 footfall for our 2018 lunar eclipse event ! Checkout the club website for [photos](https://horizoniitm.github.io/gallery/). -->

Commit message:

website modified. ready for deployment

_pages/outreach.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: /Outreach/
title: "Outreach"
nav: true
nav_order: 5
---


<!-- **Page still under construction...**

![](https://media0.giphy.com/media/l0JMrPWRQkTeg3jjO/giphy.gif) -->

## Science comics and writing
<img src="/assets/img/smbh_comics.jpeg" alt="Science comic illustration" style="float: left; margin: 1rem 2rem 1rem 0; max-width: 200px; height: auto; border-radius: 6px;">

I love making comics illustrating aspects of supermassive black holes, galaxy evolution and gravitational waves. You can find my comic on massive black hole formation published [here](https://sciwri.club/archives/13482) in ClubSciWri. 

*I'm working on a seperate page for my comics* :-)

I volunteered as a writer for [Astrobites](https://astrobites.org/) (2023-2025). Astrobites cover astrophysical literature and present it in format accessible to undergraduate students in the physical sciences who are interested in active research. You can find all of my articles [here](https://astrobites.org/author/psatheesh/).



## Science talks and workshops

<img src="/assets/img/talk1.jpeg" alt="my_talk" style="float: right; margin: 1rem 1rem; max-width: 400px; height: auto; border-radius: 4px;">

These are talks I have given at UF Physics as part of the Graduate Student Postdoc Seminar organized by the [Physics Graduate Community](https://www.phys.ufl.edu/wp/index.php/graduate/physics-graduate-community/).

- **Scripting the origin story of supermassive black holes**, Sep 2024
- **It takes three to tango: Massive black hole triples and the final parsec problem**, Sep 2023

During my undergrad, I got to organize several lecture presentations and workshops. Below is a list of some of them.

- **Relativity and Gravitation**, [*Horizon summer school 2021*](https://github.com/HorizonIITM/summer-school-2021), March 2020
- **Physics of Compact Stars**, *Boltzmann Session*, April 2020
- **Analysis of Globular Clusters Using Colour-Magnitude Diagrams**. *Shaastra 2020, IITM*, Jan 2020
- **Universe on your computer**, [*Sampark Workshop 2019*](https://github.com/pranav-satheesh/Sampark_Workshop), Oct 2019
- **Surfing gravitational waves**, *Astro Week*, Aug 2019 
- **An introduction to Astronomy**, Sep 2018

#### Lectures on Youtube

I made a set of lectures on Python for Astronomy that aims to teach application of Python programming language in various aspects of Astronomy research. I could cover topics such as handling FITS files, making Color-Magnitude diagrams, curve-fitting and modeling data. The video playlist is available [here](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2rHXmvrOZXbQviht65mZSOW0_s1ZPpLA).
 

## Astronomy outreach

<img src="/assets/img/lunar_eclipse.webp" alt="lunar-eclipse" style="float: right; margin: 0 0 1rem 1rem; max-width: 300px; height: auto; border-radius: 4px;">

During my time as an undergrad at IIT Madras, I was fortunate to be part of several outreach activities as part of [Horizon: the physics and astronomy club](https://horizoniitm.github.io/). I served as the head during 2019-2020. Checkout the club website for --> [photos](https://horizoniitm.github.io/gallery/).
